# SetReturnPolicyResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**categoryTypes** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\account\Model\CategoryType[]**](CategoryType.md) | For return policies, this field always returns ALL_EXCLUDING_MOTORS_VEHICLES (returns on motor vehicles are not processed through eBay flows.) Default: ALL_EXCLUDING_MOTORS_VEHICLES (for return policies only) | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | An optional seller-defined description of the return policy for internal use (this value is not displayed to end users). | [optional] 
**extendedHolidayReturnsOffered** | **bool** | Important! This field has been deprecated as of version 1.2.0, released on May 31, 2018. Any value supplied in this field is ignored, it is neither read nor returned. If set to true, the seller offers an Extended Holiday Returns policy for their listings. IMPORTANT: Extended Holiday Returns is a seasonally available feature that is offered on some eBay marketplaces. To see if the feature is enabled in any given year, check the eBay Seller Center Returns on eBay page of before the holiday season begins. | [optional] 
**internationalOverride** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\account\Model\InternationalReturnOverrideType**](InternationalReturnOverrideType.md) |  | [optional] 
**marketplaceId** | **string** | The ID of the eBay marketplace to which this return policy applies. If this value is not specified, value defaults to the seller&#39;s eBay registration site. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/MarketplaceIdEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **string** | A user-defined name for this return policy. Names must be unique for policies assigned to the same marketplace. Max length: 64 | [optional] 
**refundMethod** | **string** | Important! This field has been deprecated as of version 1.2.0, released on May 31, 2018. Any value other than MONEY_BACK will be treated as MONEY_BACK (although for a period of time, eBay will store and return the legacy values to preserve backwards compatibility). Indicates the method the seller uses to compensate the buyer for returned items. The return method specified applies only to remorse returns. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/RefundMethodEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**restockingFeePercentage** | **string** | Important! This field has been deprecated as of version 1.2.0, released on May 31, 2018. Any value supplied in this field is ignored, it is neither read nor returned. Optionally set by the seller, the percentage charged if the seller charges buyers a a restocking fee when items are returned due to buyer remorse and/or a purchasing mistake. The total amount charged to the buyer is the cost of the item multiplied by the percentage indicated in this field. | [optional] 
**returnInstructions** | **string** | This field contains the seller&#39;s detailed explanation for their return policy and is displayed in the Return Policy section of the View Item page. This field is valid in only the following marketplaces (the field is otherwise ignored): Germany (DE) Spain (ES) France (FR) Italy (IT) | [optional] 
**returnMethod** | **string** | This field indicates the method in which the seller handles non-money back return requests for remorse returns. This field is valid in only the US marketplace and the only valid value is REPLACEMENT. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/ReturnMethodEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**returnPeriod** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\account\Model\TimeDuration**](TimeDuration.md) |  | [optional] 
**returnPolicyId** | **string** | A unique eBay-assigned ID for a return policy. This ID is generated when the policy is created. | [optional] 
**returnsAccepted** | **bool** | If set to true, the seller accepts returns. If set to false, this field indicates that the seller does not accept returns. | [optional] 
**returnShippingCostPayer** | **string** | This field indicates who is responsible for paying for the shipping charges for returned items. The field can be set to either BUYER or SELLER. Depending on the return policy and specifics of the return, either the buyer or the seller can be responsible for the return shipping costs. Note that the seller is always responsible for return shipping costs for SNAD-related issues. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/ReturnShippingCostPayerEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**warnings** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\account\Model\Error[]**](Error.md) | A list of warnings related to request. This field normally returns empty, which indicates the request did not generate any warnings. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


